# Cloud Security: Ansible Scripts #
For our Cloud Security unit, we were responsible for configuring a cloud server using Microsoft Azure's Cloud Computing Services. The entire cloud server configuration consisted of one Jump Box Provisioner VM and three Web VMs to run DVWA containers, as well as an ELK Stack Server VM to log and monitor activity and traffic on the previous four VMs.

In order to access the cloud server, a Jump Box VM was created to function as a gateway into the system. The Jump Box VM would also be where we would use Docker and Ansible to deploy and configure our DVWA containers. First, a network security group was created and inbound security rules were created to ensure the Jump Box could only be connected to from my IP and that connection to the other Web VMs could only be done via the Jump Box. An ELK server VM was also created to allow us to log and monitor traffic and activity to and from our main VM cloud servers. A load balancer was also included to help distribute potential loads between the three Web VMs.

Once security settings were configured properly, we then proceeded to configure our Docker containers. Like the scripts we used earlier in the cirriculum, Ansible's playbooks allow us to create a template from which we can automate the process of creating and configuring Docker containers. This is especially helpful if it becomes necessary to deploy multiple copies of the same container. This Ansible folder has been organized with subfolders containing the various YAML configuration and playbook files used to add and configure the DVWA containers, our ELK Stack, Filebeat and Metricbeat on the project's cloud network.